Insult: This is the END for you, you gutter-crawling cur!, Comeback: And I've got a little TIP for you, get the POINT?
Insult: Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!, Comeback: First you better stop waiving it like a feather-duster.
Insult: My handkerchief will wipe up your blood! Comeback: So you got that job as janitor, after all.
Insult: People fall at my feet when they see me coming Comeback: Even BEFORE they smell your breath?
Insult: I once owned a dog that was smarter then you. Comeback: He must have taught you everything you know.
Insult: You make me want to puke. Comeback: You make me think somebody already did.
Insult: Nobody's ever drawn blood from me and nobody ever will.Comeback: You run THAT fast?
Insult: You fight like a dairy farmer. Comeback: How appropriate. You fight like a cow.
Insult: I got this scar on my face during a mighty struggle! Comeback: I hope now you've learned to stop picking your nose.
Insult: Have you stopped wearing diapers yet? Comeback: Why, did you want to borrow one?
Insult: I've heard you were a contemptible sneak. Comeback: Too bad no one's ever heard of YOU at all.
Insult: You're no match for my brains, you poor fool. Comeback: I'd be in real trouble if you ever used them.
Insult: You have the manners of a beggar. Comeback: I wanted to make sure you'd feel comfortable with me.
Insult: I'm not going to take your insolence sitting down! Comeback: Your hemorrhoids are flaring up again, eh?
Insult: There are no words for how disgusting you are. Comeback: Yes there are. You just never learned them.
Insult: I've spoken with apes more polite then you. Comeback: I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion.
Insult: Every enemy I've met I've annihilated!	Comeback: With your breath, I'm sure they all suffocated.
Insult: You're as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee. Comeback: I look THAT much like your fiancée?
Insult: Killing you would be justifiable homicide! Comeback: Then killing you must be justifiable fungicide.
Insult: You're the ugliest monster ever created! Comeback: If you don't count all the ones you've dated.
Insult: I'll skewer you like a sow at a buffet!	Comeback: When I'm done with you, you'll be a boneless filet.
Insult: Would you like to be buried, or cremated? Comeback: With you around, I'd prefer to be fumigated.
Insult: Coming face to face with me must leave you petrified! Comeback: Is that your face? I thought it was your backside.
Insult: When your father first saw you, he must have been mortified! Comeback: At least mine can be identified.
Insult: You can't match my witty repartee! Comeback: I could, if you would use some breath spray.
Insult: I have never seen such clumsy swordplay! Comeback: You would have, but you were always running away.
Insult: En garde! Touché!	Comeback: Oh, that is so cliché.
Insult: Throughout the Caribbean, my great deeds are celebrated! Comeback: Too bad they're all fabricated.
Insult: I can't rest 'til you've been exterminated!	Comeback: Then perhaps you should switch to decaffeinated.
Insult: I'll leave you devasted, mutilated, and perforated!	Comeback: Your odor alone makes me aggravated, agitated, and infuriated.
Insult: Heaven preserve me! You look like something that's died! Comeback: The only way you'll be preserved is in formaldehyde.
Insult: I'll hound you night and day! Comeback: Then be a good dog. Sit! Stay!
Insult: My attacks have left entire islands depopulated! Comeback: With your breath, I'm sure they all suffocated.
Insult: You have the sex appeal of a shar-pei! Comeback: I look that much like your fiancée?
Insult: When I'm done, your body will be rotted and putrefied! Comeback: Then killing you must be justifiable fungicide.
Insult: Your looks would make pigs nauseated! Comeback: If you don't count all the ones you've dated.
Insult: Your lips look like they belong on the catch of the day! Comeback: When I'm done with you, you'll be a boneless filet.
Insult: I give you a choice. You can be gutted, or decapitated! Comeback: With you around, I'd rather be fumigated.
Insult: Never before have I faced someone so sissified! Comeback: Is that your face? I thought it was your backside.
Insult: You're a disgrace to your species, you're so undignified! Comeback: At least mine can be identified.
Insult: Nothing can stop me from blowing you away! Comeback: I could, if you would use some breath spray.
Insult: I have never lost a melee! Comeback: You would have, but you were always running away.
Insult: Your mother wears a toupee! Comeback: Oh, that is so cliché.
Insult: My skills with a sword are highly venerated! Comeback: Too bad they're all fabricated.
Insult: Your stench would make an outhouse cleaner irritated! Comeback: Then perhaps you should switch to decaffeinated.
Insult: I can't tell which of my traits have you the most intimidated! Comeback: Your odor alone makes me aggravated, agitated, and infuriated
Insult: Nothing on this earth can save your sorry hide! Comeback: The only way you'll be preserved is in formaldehyde
Insult: You'll find I'm dogged and relentless to my prey! Comeback: Then be a good dog, Sit! Stay!